Ag develop (#18)
dmerkushov/nanoservices: README.md

How to build
------------

You'll need: `cmake` (minimum version is 3.0), `make`, `libzookeeper-mt2`, local instance of `zookeeper` and a C++11 compiler (the framework is tested with gcc 4.7)

```bash
git clone git@github.com:dmerkushov/nanoservices.git`
cd nanoservices/
mkdir build
cd build/
cmake ..
cmake --build .
cd ../..

> ```

Reviewer: не все описано.
```
[ 55%] Building CXX object ns-skeleton/CMakeFiles/ns-skeleton.dir/src/zoo/ZooConfig.cpp.o
In file included from /home/v_bus/tmp/nanoservices/ns-skeleton/src/zoo/ZooConfig.cpp:9:
/home/v_bus/tmp/nanoservices/ns-skeleton/include/zoo/ZooConfig.h:2:10: fatal error: zookeeper.h: No such file or directory
 #include <zookeeper.h>
          ^~~~~~~~~~~~~
compilation terminated.
make[2]: *** [ns-skeleton/CMakeFiles/ns-skeleton.dir/build.make:375: ns-skeleton/CMakeFiles/ns-skeleton.dir/src/zoo/ZooConfig.cpp.o] Error 1
make[1]: *** [CMakeFiles/Makefile2:91: ns-skeleton/CMakeFiles/ns-skeleton.dir/all] Error 2
make: *** [Makefile:152: all] Error 2
```

Author: Пофиксил описание зависимостей сборки

How to build
------------

> You'll need: `cmake` (minimum version is 3.0), `make`, `libzookeeper-mt2`, local instance of `zookeeper` and a C++11 compiler (the framework is tested with gcc 4.7)

Reviewer 2: Где взять `libzookeeper-mt2` ? Это название дебиан пакета, а не программного продукта. Он необходим для сборки? А если сборка с FILE?

Author: `libzookeeper-mt2` это многопоточный клиент для `zookeeper`, в принципе собирается из исходников которые идут с ним.
Если сборка идёт с FILE, то зависимости относящиеся к `zookeeper` естественно не требуются.

```bash
git clone git@github.com:dmerkushov/nanoservices.git`
cd nanoservices/
mkdir build
cd build/
cmake ..
cmake --build .
cd ../..
```

For build without dependence from `zookeeper`

```bash
cmake -DZOO=OFF ..
```

After a successful build and all the tests passing the resulting shared object will be `nanoservices/build/ns-skeleton/libns-skeleton.so`

Header files to include to use the library will be in `nanoservices/ns-skeleton/include/`

> Also successful build generate misc tool `ns-configurator` at `nanoservices/build/misc/ns-configurator`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A successful build will also generate the `ns-configurator` executable at `nanoservices/build/misc/ns-configurator`
```

> More info about [here](/misc/README.md)

Reviewer 2: Напиши плз конкретно, что там есть тулза для конфигурирования и для старта-останова. А подробности читайте там-то

Reviewer: Дорогая редакция, сам нажми кнопку insert a suggestion и напиши. все равно потом будешь редактировать, что два раза мучаться.

Author: И так каждую тулзу сюда прописывать?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By now, these are tools for configuring nanoservices (ns-configurator) and shutdowning a started nanoservice remotely (ns-shutdown). [More info](/misc/README.md)

It is highly recommended to use the supplied tools to configure nanoservices, as different configuration source strategies may be applied by the nanoservice hosting teams.
```

Build debian packages
---------------------

> For build debian packages from builded sources

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build debian packages from built sources
```
